README.md, before:

# Hello World Full-Stack Application

A simple full-stack JavaScript application demonstrating basic client-server communication.

## Tech Stack

- **Backend**: Node.js with Express
- **Frontend**: React with Vite
- **Language**: JavaScript (ES Modules)

## Project Structure

```
hello-world-fullstack/
├── backend/          # Express API server
└── frontend/         # React application
```

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js >= 20.0.0
- npm

### Backend Setup

```bash
cd backend
npm install
npm run dev
```

The backend server will start on http://localhost:3000

### Frontend Setup

```bash
cd frontend
npm install
npm run dev
```

The frontend will start on http://localhost:5173

## API Endpoints

### GET /api/message

Returns a greeting message with timestamp.

**Response:**
```json
{
  "message": "Hello from the backend!",
  "timestamp": "2025-12-05T12:00:00.000Z"
}
```

## Development Workflow

1. Start the backend server (Terminal 1):
   ```bash
   cd backend && npm run dev
   ```

2. Start the frontend dev server (Terminal 2):
   ```bash
   cd frontend && npm run dev
   ```

3. Open http://localhost:5173 in your browser

## Building for Production

### Backend

The backend runs directly from source:
```bash
cd backend
npm start
```

### Frontend

Build optimised production bundle:
```bash
cd frontend
npm run build
npm run preview
```

## Environment Variables

### Backend

Copy `.env.example` to `.env`:
```
PORT=3000
NODE_ENV=development
```

### Frontend

Copy `.env.example` to `.env`:
```
VITE_API_URL=http://localhost:3000
```

## Licence

MIT

Commit message:

Add Docker deployment support and production build setup
Introduces Dockerfile and .dockerignore for containerized deployment, along with a comprehensive DEPLOYMENT.md guide. Updates backend to serve static frontend files in production, configures frontend dev server for remote access, and enhances documentation in README.md for Docker usage and deployment. Also sets backend and frontend servers to listen on all interfaces for compatibility with cloud platforms.

README.md, after:

# Hello World Full-Stack Application

A simple full-stack JavaScript application demonstrating basic client-server communication.

## Tech Stack

- **Backend**: Node.js with Express
- **Frontend**: React with Vite
- **Language**: JavaScript (ES Modules)

## Project Structure

```
hello-world-fullstack/
├── backend/          # Express API server
└── frontend/         # React application
```

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js >= 20.0.0
- npm

### Backend Setup

```bash
cd backend
npm install
npm run dev
```

The backend server will start on http://localhost:3000

### Frontend Setup

```bash
cd frontend
npm install
npm run dev
```

The frontend will start on http://localhost:5173

## API Endpoints

### GET /api/message

Returns a greeting message with timestamp.

**Response:**
```json
{
  "message": "Hello from the backend!",
  "timestamp": "2025-12-05T12:00:00.000Z"
}
```

## Development Workflow

1. Start the backend server (Terminal 1):
   ```bash
   cd backend && npm run dev
   ```

2. Start the frontend dev server (Terminal 2):
   ```bash
   cd frontend && npm run dev
   ```

3. Open http://localhost:5173 in your browser

## Building for Production

### Docker (Recommended for Deployment)

Build and run with Docker:
```bash
docker build -t hello-world-fullstack .
docker run -p 3000:3000 hello-world-fullstack
```

### Manual Build

#### Backend

The backend runs directly from source:
```bash
cd backend
npm start
```

#### Frontend

Build optimised production bundle:
```bash
cd frontend
npm run build
npm run preview
```

## Deployment

For detailed deployment instructions to Railway, Render, or other platforms, see [DEPLOYMENT.md](DEPLOYMENT.md).

## Environment Variables

### Backend

Copy `.env.example` to `.env`:
```
PORT=3000
NODE_ENV=development
```

### Frontend

Copy `.env.example` to `.env`:
```
VITE_API_URL=http://localhost:3000
```

## Licence

MIT
